[ADAM] Oh my. I truly believed
I had found my match,
someone who could
keep up with me.
[ADAM] I was right.
It was worth loving you.
[ADAM] Join me. Let's go away
to a world meant only for us!
[SKATER 8A screams]
[JOE]
Hey, are you okay?
So the rumors about him
were true after all!
Adam! Why are you doing
something like this?
[ADAM] I truly had
my hopes up this time.
What the hell are you
talking about?
[ADAM]
Isn't there someone made for me?
When will I ever find my Eve?
[SKATER 8B]
Looks who's in the first group.
[SKATER 8C]
I'm in a heat with Shadow?
Hey, I don't see your name.
[JOE] Neither of us are
facing Adam up front.
[CHERRY] I'll get there.
I just have to keep on winning.
If you're in the
top two of your group,
you'll be able to move on
to the main tournament!
That sounds easy enough!
Langa!
I thought Reki
would be with you,
but I guess he decided not to
enter the race after all.
That's right, he's not.
[MIYA]
What happened?
We, uh...
I bet he's just being a wiener
about Adam! [chuckles]
[SKATER 8D] The qualifiers
are about to begin!
Adam's group is up!
I can't wait!
[SKATER 8A]
Miya! Kick some ass!
What a lovely first.
Skating alongside you.
Except I'm not one of those
slimey little troll boys.
And I won't be taken out easily.
"Taken out"?
What do you mean by that?
You're not that dumb.
Sweetie, love's not dumb.
And I always fall hopelessly in
love with my skating partners.
You what?
[ADAM] Oh, at times it
may feel a little rough,
but it's just love
in a different form.
This is for your own good.
I hope you understand
that we aren't doing this
because we're angry
with you, Ainosuke.
On the contrary,
we're doing it because
we love you so much.
I'm grateful to you, Aunties.
And I love each
of you very much.
Thank you for loving me.
[ADAM] I have been in love...
with all of them.
[SHADOW]
Adam's in the lead!
The qualifiers are bookin' it.
Crazy. This battle
isn't gonna last long.
[MIYA]
I have to catch up.
I didn't realize
there was this big a gap!
You're still a bud
who hasn't blossomed yet.
But when you do, that's when
I will fall for you.
[SKATER 8E]
Joe's group is next!
[SKATER 8F]
Snow's up, too!
[SKATER 8G] And they're
back to back! That's so wild!
[SKATER 8H] Listen up, guys.
Joe has to win first place.
We gotta take out that newb.
It's gonna take
everything we've got!
[gasps]
[SKATER 8H]
Bet you haven't seen anything
like this before,
have you, rookie?
Someone's not playing fair.
[SKATER 8H]
This is going to be so much fun!
[SKATER 8I]
Take that!
[SKATER 8J]
I got him!
[SKATER 8K]
Snow actually got through!
[SKATER 8L]
Against five of them? No way!
Not bad, kid,
looks like you don't need
my assistance after all.
[SKATER 8H]
You won't get away from me!
That's cute, but no.
[SHADOW]
Heh. Boring.
[CHERRY]
The qualifiers are misleading.
It's obvious who's going to win.
Failing in the very first race
is one way to get laughs.
[SKATER 8M]
Here they come!
[SKATER 8N]
It's Joe and Snow!
[SKATER 8M]
You got this, rookie!
[SKATER 8N]
They dusted those losers!
[LANGA]
What is that?
Any other time I've
skated like this,
my heart always pounded so loud.
[gasps] Reki!
How lovely. What a wonderful
performance. Like falling snow!
You're way too good for this.
And I understand how you feel.
That's why you should
work with me.
[CHERRY]
Carla, what was Adam's time?
[CARLA]
Four minutes exactly.
Who's in the lead?
Do you even have to ask?
[GIRLS]
It's Lord Cherry!
[CHERRY]
Carla, Type, Long!
[CARLA]
Okay, Master. Type, Long.
All you have to do
is make it to top two
to move on to the final round.
Why is Cherry being so dramatic?
[JOE] He's going up against Adam
and needs to stand out.
[MIYA]
What?
[JOE] He's focused on
beating Adam's time.
[SKATER 8Q]
Let's go, Cherry!
[CHERRY]
Carla. Report.
[CARLA]
Four minutes exactly.
[SHADOW] All right, folks,
hold onto your butts,
it's time for the main event.
You kidding me?
Even at my slowest,
I'm still crushing you punks.
How in the hell did I
end up in Shadow's group?
[SKATERS gasp]
They're all gonna
feel stupid when I'm
the only one crossing
the finish line.
[gasps] For real?
[SKATER 8U]
Did he just pass Shadow?
[SKATER 8V] Where'd this dude
in the hat even come from?
I don't think I've
ever seen that guy.
Is that Reki?
No way. He wouldn't.
[ADAM]
What are you doing?
[SKATER 8W]
Who the heck is that?
[SKATER 8X] Some wild card?
Look how fast he's going!
[SKATER 8W]
How is this happening?
Heh. Only an idiot would think
"S" is just about speed!
Haemanthus Bomb!
Oh no, no!
[SHADOW screams]
[SKATER 8Y]
Rad!
[SKATER 8Z]
Seriously, who is that?
His registered name is Snake.
[ADAM] Are you trying to
tempt me to bite your apple?
[CHERRY]
Carla, time?
[CARLA]
Three minutes, 58 seconds.
That's a new record!
[SKATER 8AA]
He surpassed Adam's time!
Okay, I give up!
Who the hell is that dude?
[ADAM]
What is the meaning of this?
You have deliberately
disobeyed me.
I never authorized you
to enter the tournament.
Answer me. Dog!
I've been dying
to race against you.
Race me?
[TADASHI]
And if I win, I want you to
step away from skateboarding.
[ADAM] You say that as if
it's even a possibility.
I realize it's been
quite some time.
But don't forget I'm the one
who taught you how to skate.
[ADAM] You little worm!
Why would you bring that up now?
I am going to win this race.
[ADAM]
Go ahead and try!
A dog is never allowed
to disobey his owner.
And if he does,
then he gets broken!
[CLASSMATE 8A] Yo, Langa!
Wild night last night?
[CLASSMATE 8A]
Good morning, Langa!
[LANGA]
Good morning.
Hey, Reki. How's it going?
[REKI]
Hi.
Guess what? First round's done.
Great.
Not like that has
anything to do with me.
[INTERVIEWER 8A]
Hello and welcome back.
This is "Good Afternoon,"
a segment where we interview--
This is the absolute worst.
Wow, you really are
a drama queen.
It's like, nothing's ever
just "meh" to you--
it's always "the worst."
You don't even know what
that was in reference to.
Okay, then tell me.
What's the worst?
No need to answer,
it's written on your face.
To be honest, you actually
do have some level of cool
when you're skating.
[REKI'S SISTER 7A]
That said, I don't know what's
up with you lately, but woof.
[REKI] Sometimes I just
feel down, that's all.
[REKI'S SISTER 7A]
Aww.
That's why I quit. I knew I
didn't really have the talent.
[INTERVIEWER 8A] So what
lead you to crafting shoes?
[INTERVIEWEE 8A] Because I
wanted to be involved in track,
I didn't care what capacity.
I just love it.
The fact that so many
amazing athletes
rely on my product
is a dream come true.
[INTERVIEWER 8A]
That is amazing.
Is it?
[MATSUMURA] Congratulations.
It's because of you
that we were finally
able to arrest Mr. Takano.
Well. I appreciate your
brilliantly covert
leaks, Superintendent.
And trust me, it's not over yet.
Huh?
I will nail Mr. Shindo.
He's not going to get away
with a false testimony.
You have not changed
a bit. Good job.
Oh, save it. Justice
should be served equally.
[ADAM'S AUNT 4C] I need to
breathe. He's been arrested?
I can't take it!
Tell me we'll be okay!
[ADAM'S AUNT 4B]
If you are found guilty,
then our lives will be ruined!
You will be slinging mud upon
the Shindo Family name!
[ADAM'S AUNT 4A] Losing your
Diet badge will be the death
of your political career!
That can't happen,
Ainosuke. Understand?
You've got it all wrong.
Everything's fine.
Do my sweet Aunties think
I'd let them down so?
How could I?
You've done nothing but shower
me with love for my entire life.
And besides.
[ADAM] I've already
prepared a sacrificial lamb.
[JOE] I bet Adam's skating alone
in the dark like a loser.
[CHERRY]
Don't be so ridiculous.
Everyone is alone
when they practice.
It was only a metaphor, dummy.
It's like he automatically
assumes everyone's his enemy.
He doesn't even give anyone
the chance to get to know him.
It's kinda sad.
How do you know he does that?
It's just a hunch.
I can't believe I was
fool enough to ask you.
Why are you complaining
when it was one of my hunches
that found your lost wallet
on our social studies trip
back in the day.
Well your cute hunch is
not the reason we found it!
You led us to a random
restaurant in LA!
[JOE] Well, what about
the bar in Paris?
[CHERRY] I created the
itinerary for our night out.
Wow. Reki still
isn't showing up.
I'm going to go check on him
and make sure everything's okay.
Knock it off.
I have a feeling something
happened between him and Langa!
[SHADOW] If that's the case,
they need to put on
their big boy panties
and make up.
I agree with you, but...
[SHADOW] Also. I've got
my life on the line here,
they better not wreck it.
I'll win. I swear.
Oh, that's not my order.
Yo.
[REKI]
Hey, Joe.
[JOE] The main tournament
starts today. You coming?
[REKI]
I didn't enter.
You can still come and watch
if you want. Come on.
[REKI] I don't belong there.
I'm starting to accept that.
[JOE] Hey, Reki. You don't
wanna end up alone.
Huh?
[LANGA]
Uh. Mom.
What is it?
Nothing. The food's good.
Really? I actually had
a lot of fun making it.
I learned it from--
Can I ask you a question?
Of course.
Will it, uh, be sunny tomorrow?
[LANGA'S MOM] It's happening!
He's asking my opinion
on adult weather predictions!
Speaking of sunny,
he's not very happy lately.
Wait a minute.
He wants to discuss
his feelings, doesn't he?
What should I tell him, Oliver?
Mom? You okay?
[LANGA'S MOM gasps]
[LANGA'S MOM]
I must remain calm.
If I make it a big deal,
he won't want to talk openly.
Teenage boys are
so afraid of feelings!
I, uh. I kinda
screwed up big time.
And now someone's avoiding me.
[sighs] The same thing
has happened to me.
I know how it hurts.
Really?
[LANGA'S MOM] You keep
misunderstanding each other.
But it doesn't mean
anyone is truly "wrong."
No. It's definitely my fault
for breaking a promise.
I've been there, but the only
thing that will make this right
is being honest
about your feelings.
Be honest?
You like this person, right?
[gasps] Um, yeah...
[LANGA'S MOM]
That's your truth.
Those are the emotions
you should share.
No way. That's embarrassing.
It's the only sure way
to help you regain trust.
Show her she's a lucky girl!
What girl?
Huh?
[LANGA] I wonder if Reki
will come out tonight.
[LANGA] His window's open!
Does that mean...
[SKATER 8AB]
What the heck is that?
[SKATER 8AC]
It's huge!
[SKATER 8AD] We can watch
the race from here?
[SKATER 8AE]
What kind of entrance will
Adam be making tonight?
[SKATER 8AF] How can he top
dropping from the sky?
[REKI sighs]
[LANGA]
Joe! You seen Reki? He around?
Nope. You sure he's here?
Maybe.
Uh-huh.
Hey, bitches and bros,
and non-binary hoes!
And now. Are you all ready
to discover the truth?
Which one among us
loves skating the most?
And who receives
the skating gods blessing?
[SKATER 8AG]
It's you, Adam!
You're all dying to know
who it is, aren't ya?
I can feel how excited you are!
[SKATER 8G]
Joe! I love you!
[SKATER 8AJ]
Give 'em hell, Shadow!
[ADAM] Well then,
let's get on with the show.
I wonder who our
first challenger will be?
Shadow!
All right!
[SKATER 8AK]
Yes! Kill it, Shadow!
[SKATER 8AL]
Who's he up against?
[SKATER 8AM]
Come on, draw another one, Adam!
Who do you think
will win this thing?
[SKATER 8AO]
Adam, obviously.
[SKATER 8AN] But did you see
Snow? He had that killer race.
I still say it's gonna be Joe.
[SKATER 8AQ]
I'm gonna bet on Miya.
[REKI] They are all considered
the best skaters out here.
[REKI] I'm the only one
who isn't amazing.
[SKATER 8AR] Here they come!
Shadow's in the front!
[SKATER 8AS] Show 'em
how to be a man, Harry!
[SKATER 8AR]
Come on, Shadow!
[REKI] He's so fast!
Even faster than when we raced.
[SHADOW] I'm not messin' around
with you kids today.
I've got my life on
the line for this thing.
How'd you like a new
Gladiolus Laser!
[SKATER 8AR]
Shadow wins the round!
[SKATER 8AS]
I'm fallin' for ya, Daddy!
Looks like Shadow's
the first one moving up.
[CHERRY] We're both watching
the same race, sweetie.
[ADAM] Oh, poor Harry.
On to the next beef.
Who shall be the happy couple?
Snow!
My heart is pounding with envy!
Which of you lucky contestants
get to skate behind that act?
[ADAM] Oh pick me.
Oh my god I hope it's me!
And the lucky opponent is...
Whatever.
[SKATER 8AT]
It's the Snow Joe show!
[SKATER 8AU]
Who are you betting on?
[SKATER 8AV]
Snow is out of control!
It's you and me, Snow.
Good luck, kid.
[SKATER 8AW] I've never seen
a beef like this in my life.
--[SKATER 8AX] Let's make a bet!
--[SKATER 8AW] I'm in, dawg!
[SKATER 8AY]
Snow is all the hype!
[SKATER 8AZ]
I'm counting on you, man!
[LANGA]
Where's Reki?
[SKATER 8J]
Joe, over here!
[SKATER 8AW] Fastest skater
in the world is Joe!
[SKATER 8K]
Joe is the man!
[SKATER 8AX]
What the hell's gonna happen?
[LANGA] I've never raced against
Joe in something so important.
I wonder if he'll be
harder on me this time.
In case there was any doubt in
your mind, skaters are idiots.
It's not like there's a cash
prize or like we get elevated
to some kind of royal throne
by winning these things.
And one slip and we've
got nightmare injuries,
but we just can't stay away.
You gotta be pretty stupid
to get wrapped up in this.
Sounds like you love it.
Yeah, which is what
makes me such an idiot!
This nothing but a competition
to crown the biggest moron.
[LANGA] Wow. So I guess
I'm an idiot, too.
[JOE]
Maybe the biggest one of all.
Our stupid love of skateboarding
colors our entire world.
It fuels our friendships,
emotions, problems. Everything.
[JOE] Anyway, I've got
someone I need to punch
so maybe he'll wake up.
[JOE] Which means...
I gotta win this race.
[SKATER 8AW]
He's so fast! I can't handle it!
[SKATER 8AX]
Rip 'em apart, Joe!
[SHADOW]
So far, they're dead even!
Just wait till they get
to the next corner.
Both of them are strategizing
how to pull ahead.
And they're gonna
try something crazy.
[gasps]
Whoa, that's way too fast!
Does that guy have a death wish?
[LANGA gasps]
No way!
He made a turn on that rock!
And picked up more speed?
[SKATER 8BA]
Sickening!
How does he keep
his legs from breaking?
That looks so impossible!
[CHERRY] Only a bronzed
pile of muscle can do that.
Joe's power break
will seal his victory.
[LANGA]
Amazing! How is he this good?
[ADAM]
Hey, Little Miya.
[MIYA] It really grosses me out
when you say "Little."
[ADAM] Wouldn't you like
to be tossed in the air?
[MIYA] I knew it. Adam is a
dirty old man. Think I'll pass.
[ADAM] I see. Then how
about a piggyback ride?
[MIYA] Only if I can
strangle you from up there.
--[ADAM] Sold!
--[MIYA] I made a huge mistake.